This is the home in native memory
Unexpectedly, in this world
There really is a soul transmigrator
Now welcome the new president of Changlin Group, Ma Tiancheng
Ma Tiancheng
I'm not Li Chaolin anymore
I am Li Xiaolin.
There is only one bed left in the whole house.
And the prodigal son who has nothing
What about going to the press conference?
Even if you tell the truth
Some people will believe a poor country boy
And don't trust the new president of the towing street
Humph
Not only would no one believe it
Instead, he exposed his identity
Brought a bigger disaster
Although now penniless
But God gave me a chance to start over
This is the greatest wealth